What inspired me to pursue graphic design would be my love for collaborative art.
I've worked with various artists before in the past, as well as taught art history to children within the community.
I wanted to do something practical with that passion and build off the creativity to establish a career.
My unique selling point would be my age as a mature graphic designer.
I can bring lived experience to the table as well as my background in marketing, which allows me to approach projects from a different angle.
In five years, I can see myself working in a creative agency, leading a team of people and sharing our voices.
I'd be the liaison between stakeholders and the company nurturing these relationships.
Um, and also having a diploma in marketing and advertising communications management. Well, just overall,
will give me all the tools that I need to land a role in graphic design as well as project management.
Adapting to remote learning and working from home has been very challenging.
Especially because I'm not the only one working from home. I have my children here as well,
and, uh, I've really had to take the time to pause and live in the moment,
make sure that I get outside practice self-care and spend time with my family
Graphic design to me means, addressing tasks collaboratively with clients
and finding a solution that visually communicates the message being spoken.
It means looking for creative solutions that are appealing to the target audience.